private territory is the most important and the first
the thing you will have to do
I play our north by the way a bit what is this
carrot garden is our home and we need
his zapryvat so that our packages are not
stolen for this we write part vans it
gives us a privat tool and here we are
you only need to click 2 times
mouse
pcm what select one point and second time
while they as we see we have allocated our
garden and we do not need to dig a hole to build
would by the way for the whole thing
can survive ban
all we need to do is write the parts
rgr commands
glue and some adequate name
following my nickname judging by the text five on
step he created and before that he just
automatically expanded from 0 to
255 exactly chang our possessions let's
we take the red grid will write the part
teams sat on the disappear and enter the zone
private write the command rgr background and
thanks to this team we see
I will become the information of our private
name priority flags owner
border participants
boundaries then pkm and lkm. well, let's whom
we will not add a format for security purposes
banned from adding owners spitting
and allowed only users
user can also take private
but he can not add delete
owners or private
the whole
whereby commander d d nm name
drug and any one but i like
write player
Legend of Lena if we write leg info
there its not something that press item members
which is just the same, our PRV these
module still rgr mova
member name private and nickname again
write mr background and vintage gone there
can also see sen the text is flags and
flags tonic some options for our
privata let's say so initially be hung
flags against murder
skid plate against the use of pressure plates
door buttons and similar entry
very unique flag which you hardly
Do you see anywhere else he forbids
other players who are not inscribed in
privat enter his ball animals to
your teeth are not killed and technical
flag bad terrorist attack so they created
baguette type igniting lava a or
lighter and show you how to change it
some pr ppr flag the title of private
The name of the flag almost all flags have
for the regime in lol allow and melon
ban as we have mode
give money past and allow
griffin and see what the flag dad became
allow if we do not write sex chill
the fact is just to retire with private here
not all flags are written
there are plenty of them and almost all of you can
change friends information you can find
in the link in the description or on the page
where are you watching this video below
another feature of our self
placed in the fact that we don't have
lc plugin or similar
that is, private chests mechanisms he
automatically what became private then
and locked it up i need to soar the brain
typing country there
plates in short everything from this here
She set it all very captured
just easy on this all more detailed
information on flags and commands you
You can find the link in the description or
on the page you are watching this
video just below think before
some enter and in private and
enjoy your game